chore: improve README (#4)
lightelligence-io/react: README.md

<a href="https://lightelligence.io" align="right">
    <img src="/resources/logo.png" alt="logo" title="logo" align="right" />
</a>

# React

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/lightelligence-io/react.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/lightelligence-io/react/branches)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/lightelligence-io/react.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/lightelligence-io/react)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/lightelligence-io/react.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lightelligence-io/react)
[![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@lightelligence/react.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lightelligence/react)

> The Lightelligence design system React Components

## Installation

```
npm install @lightelligence/react
```

## Features

> The Lightelligence React are a set of React components, styled according to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lightelligence React is a set of React components, styled according to our
```

> design system. It is a representation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
design system. It is a React.js implementation of
```

[Lightelligence Styles](https://github.com/lightelligence-io/styles).

## Usage

Make sure to include the bundled CSS in your React Application as well as
wrapping your content in [`<Frame />`](https://lightelligence-io.github.io/react/#/Components/Frame)
component.

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import '@lightelligence/react/dist/index.css';

> import { Button, COLOR_PRIMARY } from '@lightelligence/react';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Button, Frame, COLOR_PRIMARY } from '@lightelligence/react';
```

const App = () => (

>   <Frame>

Reviewer: `Frame` is not defined 😛

Author: Nice catch.
